hello everyone knows who you have for
a new video so this time I
will show you a pretty nice bug that
is present on league of legend 2 then
2 then to rim later seems pages
so in fact in the description of
your status you can put html
and suddenly you can have fun
to make statutes pretty fun so I
think you must have already seen it with
your contact list and the big
question that arise people and
how to put a lot of texts in
this area so first of all I'm going
to show you what to do
for m to have fun changing the
text size put colors and
so it's actually it's html by these
html
vasic these clickers cookies I'm wrong
that's when you started writing
in a cast iron tag the size so that
they were some 60 that's the size
then the color so the school in
hexadecimal to find them I you
recommend this site so this is the site
advised by the giant video case deserves
on it you absolutely have all
the colors of the web is like that you
are sure that they will remain faithful
you also use your photoshop or
other if you obviously have and you
copy the little code that is there so
that's what I did for this example
that's yes for this more complete example
so now I'm going to explain
how to make a long text to do
a long text you copy the code or the
col is sure you have a new tab on
chrome or firefox in the bar
addressed to
we all know how to select it in full
with control to you go on your
client league of legends so except the
rapt here be there click here so some
times will require a system where click and hop there
you take claude like that and that's it
did not work day face up and
there it worked and you click drag
in the area until the signatory
said that you can see there you appear
more
and at that moment you need to
validate normally it is valid all
alone and you have your super big
text that is present here it is it is
all for the video thank you for keeping
do not hesitate to ask your questions in
hi comment